Alright, alright, settle down folks. So, let's talk about politics, shall we? Now, I don't know about you, but I find politics to be a lot like my ex-wife. It's confusing, it's messy, and just when you think you've got it figured out, it takes half your stuff and leaves you questioning your sanity.

Now, we've got this impeachment inquiry into President Biden, right? Apparently, he's been accused of getting involved in his son Hunter's business dealings. I mean, come on, who among us hasn't meddled in our kids' lives a little too much? I once tried to help my son with his science project and ended up setting the kitchen on fire. But hey, at least I didn't get impeached for it!

And then there's this whole thing about a potential bribery scheme related to Burisma and the Obama administration's policy for Ukraine. I mean, I can barely keep track of my own finances, let alone understand international bribery schemes. I once tried to bribe my way out of a parking ticket with a half-eaten sandwich and a coupon for a free car wash. Spoiler alert: it didn't work.

Now, House Republicans have reportedly uncovered over 20 LLCs used by the Biden family and over $20 million from various countries going into the Biden family. I mean, I can't even keep track of my one measly bank account. I once found a $20 bill in an old pair of jeans and thought I'd won the lottery!

And this impeachment inquiry, it's seen as an important step as it ensures Congress's power when it comes to deposition and subpoena. I mean, I don't know about you, but the only deposition I've ever been involved in was when my ex-wife took the dog, the car, and my favorite recliner. 

They say this inquiry is also a way to bring transparency to the American people about potential corruption at the highest level of government. I mean, I'm all for transparency. I once tried to be transparent with my ex-wife about my poker night with the guys. Let's just say, it didn't end well.

So, folks, let's just hope this whole impeachment thing goes smoother than my divorce. But hey, at least in politics, there's no alimony!